                               GPInstruct
                         Programmed Instruction

 Copyright (C) 2011  Arnel A. Borja <kyoushuu@yahoo.com>
 This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
 under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
 Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
 option) any later version.


                          General Information

  GPInstruct is a software for Programmed Instruction; you may create a
set of lessons with questions then your users may view them and answer
the questions.  You may then get the results which contains the total
number of correct responses, number of times a question is answered,
time spent on each questions, etc.

  A "program" in Programmed Instruction is called a "project" in
GPInstruct.  Projects are divided into categories, then divided further
into lessons.  Each lesson may contain discussions, readings (texts) and
tests.  Test types available are multiple choice, word pool and
ordering.

  GPInstruct contains three programs: Viewer, Editor and Analyzer.  The
Viewer is for viewing and answering projects in wizard/assistant
dialogs; the Editor is for editing projects; and the Analyzer is for
viewing the results obtained from tests.

  GPInstruct is a free and open source software under the General Public
License version 3.  Check the "License" section below for more
information. See the file 'COPYING' for license terms and conditions.

  The official web site is <http://gpinstruct.sourceforge.net/>.


                              Installation

  GPInstruct's dependencies are GTK+ (2.18+ or 3.0+) and LibXML2.

  GPInstruct is tested to work for Linux and Microsoft Windows operating
systems.

  See the file 'INSTALL' for compiling instructions.


                                License

  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.